>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
AOT is ahead of time compilation.
So right now,
we are using just in time compilation.
So, what happens is Angular is we're
making changes to our application.
Angular is essentially going through and
kind of recompiling templates,
redrawing everything.
And as things change,
it's compiling this kind of on
the fly.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
what AOT is, is we are going to take,
doing some more live coding.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This
is AOT compilation.
So, instead of having the compiler baked
into the project when you ship it.
So with Angular 1, doing actually dynamic
compilation was really, really easy.
You had the dollar compile service.
You would say, take this HTML.
Take this scope object and compile
them together completely on the fly.
In Angular two,
because of the way compilation happens,
because we're targeting multiple devices.
So for instance,
you can do server side Angular.
Right now, we're targeting the browser,
but electron or
these different things is the complication
step happens closer to the front like
you have to know when you fire this up,
what you're actually targeting.
We've taken this a step further
with ahead of time compilation.
And what this does is you compile
a specific version of the application
that's highly optimized,
that does not ship with the compiler is
that Angular can infer that it
knows enough about the application
that anything that happens,
it can handle it without the compiler.
So what this means is that whereas
you had a large application,
cuz it had to accommodate the compiler
by doing ahead of time compilation.
So essentially, think of it as kind
of like you're doing a static build.
You're pulling out the compiler,
now your application just goes [SOUND] and
it's very fast and it's very light.
Now, when you start to get into
kind of like dynamic things.
And so, they're still trying to figure
out how to handle lazy loaded routes with
ahead of time compilation.
So like that's kind of the trade-off is
pretty much once you do ahead of time
compilation, that's it.
For most cases, that's completely fine.
The idea is that you get a much smaller
payload, fewer async requests and
much faster rendering, because
Angular already knows it's almost like
I don't want to say clairvoyance,
but it knows whats going to happen.
So the nature of Angular itself is because
it's a tree graph, it already knows it
can make some inferences about how events
are gonna flow, how data is going to flow.
But then by taking it a step further and
this is where anti-module came in is
by using anti-module, we can tell
the Angular application everything
it needs to know to enable this.
So here, we just compile it.
So you need to actually install
a specific compiler for
this, then you essentially
generate a manifest.
And so you can read all about
this on the Internet, but
this is kind of the high-level view.
Install a specific compiler for it.
You generate, basically, a manifest or
a file that tells it how it's gonna
happen and then you compile it.
And in doing so, you also need to, instead
of bootstrapping to your app module,
you need to bootstrap to
the app module factory.
So you're actually stepping it even
just a step before, essentially.
So what you have is you have the module,
but then you have,
where does the module come from?
It comes from a factory.
And so what you're basically doing is
you're moving a compilation step up
just a step forward.
So now you bootstrap to the app module
factory which will then be responsible for
generating the module,
if that makes sense.
So we're just kinda moving
things up just a step, so
that we can get rid of
the compiler entirely.
One of the upsides of this and
this is something I've not tried, but
everything that I've heard has
been pretty phenomenal is that
this also allows us to do tree shaking.
And so if you have a large application and
you're not using something, well,
then you can just shake it out.
And so now you can highly optimize
not only not ship the compiler,
but not ship parts of the code
you're just not using and
that's where tree shaking comes in, yes?
>> Speaker 2: Havy is asking,
does AOT compensate for
the Aangular 2 internal HTML parser?
Because Angular 2 templates
are case sensitive and browser's
HTML parser should not be case sensitive.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I mean,
it'll still be handled like
an Angular application.
But basically, the raw JavaScript for your
application has been generated for it.
And so I would wager $100 that
if it doesn't work in a regular
Angular application,
then it's not going to work after AOT.
And so
all of the JavaScript is being generated,
like all your Angular JavaScript's
being generated,
it's just Angular knows
what's going to happen and
it can preemptively say, this is what
we need and this is how we handle it.
So essentially, it's a very specific
custom build based on your application.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And yeah, so
that's my last slide.
It somehow ended there.
All right, workshop's over everybody.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
AOT, any questions?
Make sense?
You're just compiling ahead of time,
so ahead of time compilation and
you just get the super optimized very
specific build to your application.
Now if you're shipping an application for
money or that involves people or
you care about a user experience,
I highly recommend looking into this.
So, this goes back to my
things I love about Angular.
This is one of the radical
things that I think is so
far beyond like anything that any
framework is doing right now.
That is just gonna make it
like it's already fast,
with this it's just crazy fast.
So this gets a big plus one on the things
that are awesome about Angular 2 or
as I call it, the shiny parts.